name_code	TRIM(d.diagnosis)
380992	Snout short, wider than depth. Mouth inferior, arched; three rostral fold in front of mouth. Four maxillary barbells in a row and well developed papillae in two rows on upper lip; two pairs of mandibular barbells at corner of mouth. Body thin, elongated, posterior laterally compressed; ventral profile horizontal to origin of anal; dorsal slightly horizontal. Scales tiny, ventral surface of head, thorax and abdomen naked, lateral line scales complete. L.l.：79－87; dorsal fin rays：3+8; pectoral fin rays：12-14+12-14; pelvic fin rays：6-7+10-12; anal fin rays：2+5; pectoral and pelvic fins laterally expanded; pelvic fins bases united; anus near the middle way between pelvic fin end and anal fin origin; caudal fin forked, lower lobe slightly longer than upper. Dorsal fin origin slightly behind pelvic fin origin. Greenish and blueish, irregularly dark blotches along back. Black stripes on dorsal and caudal fins. Resemble to H. formosanum, and can be distinguished by the united pelvic fin base and slender caudal peduncle of H. taitungensis.
380993	Snout short, wider than depth. Mouth inferior, arched; three rostral fold in front of mouth. Four maxillary barbells in a row, two pairs of mandibular barbells at corner of mouth. Body thin, posterior laterally compressed; ventral profile horizontal to origin of anal; dorsal moderately arched. Scales small, ventral surface of head, thorax and abdomen naked; lateral line scales complete. L.l.：50-65; dorsal fin rays：3+8; pectoral fin rays：10-12+12-14; pelvic fin rays：6-8+14-17; anal fin rays：2+5. Pectoral and pelvic fins laterally expanded; pelvic fin continuous to form a sucker; anus near anal fin origin; caudal fin forked. Dorsal fin origin slightly behind pelvic fin origin. Brownish. Some dark blotches along back. Black stripes on all fins.
381020	Head large, broad. Snout short, blunt. Eye moderately large. Mouth protractile, oblique; posterior end of upper jaw reaches anterior margin of eye. Barbels absent. Body elongated, compressed; Scales moderately large, cycloid; lateral line complete. L.l.：35-36; dorsal fin rays：3+7; pelvic fin rays：1+7; anal fin rays：2+7. Dorsal fin origin closer to caudal peduncle end than to snout tip; pectoral fin end distant from pelvic fin origin; pectoral and pelvic fins at lower side of body; anal fin rays short, the longest distant from caudal peduncle end; caudal fin concave. Dark grayish dorsally, side and belly silvery white. Dark margins on scales along back and upper side of body.
381023	Head small. Snout short. Eye large, interorbital space broad. Mouth superior, oblique; barbels absent. Body elongated, compressed; dorsal profile slightly arched; caudal peduncle slender; belly in front of pelvic fin origin rounded; keel on belly between pelvic fin origin and anus. Scales moderately large, cycloid, lateral line complete. L.l.：45-47; dorsal fin rays：2+8; pectoral fin rays：1+13; pelvic fin rays：1+7; anal fin rays：2+14. Dorsal fin origin at midline between snout tip and caudal peduncle end; pectoral fin end distant from pelvic fin origin; pectoral and pelvic fins at lower side of body; caudal fin forked. Grayish dorsally, silvery white ventrally. A conspicuously dark stripe on side of body from posterior margin of eye to caudal peduncle end.
381024	Head small. Snout short. Eye large, interorbital space broad. Mouth superior, oblique. Body elongated, compressed; dorsal profile slightly arched; keel on belly between pelvic fin origin and anus. Scales moderately large, cycloid, lateral line complete. L.l.：35-37; dorsal fin rays：2+7; pectoral fin rays：1+13-14; pelvic fin rays：1+7-8; anal fin rays：3+14-16. Anal fin base long; caudal fin forked.
381028	Head moderately large. Snout triangular. Eye large, on upper side of head. Mouth oblique, upper jaw longer than lower, posterior end of upper jaw reaches anterior margin of eye; lips thin; one pair of mandibular barbels at corner of mouth. Body elongated, compressed, belly rounded, shaped like a spindle; caudal peduncle thin and long. Scales moderately large, cycloid; lateral line complete. L.l.：33-35; dorsal fin rays：3+7; pectoral branched rays：16; pelvic branched rays：7; anal fin rays：2+6. Pelvic fin origin at midline between snout tip and caudal peduncle end; pectoral fin end distant from pelvic fin origin; pectoral and pelvic fins at lower side of body; caudal fin forked. Olive dorsally, side and belly silvery white. Irregular spots along back and on dorsal and caudal fins; a golden stripe on midline of side near a dark stripe composed of spots.
382788	Head moderately large. Mouth large and protractile, especially in spawning males; posterior end of upper jaw reaches posterior margin of eye. Body elongated, somewhat laterally compressed especially in adults; dorsal and ventral profile slightly arched. Scales small and cycloid; lateral line complete. L.l.：112-140; Dorsal soft fin rays：12-15; pelvic fin rays：9; anal fin rays：11. Dorsal fin base short, considerably equal to anal fin base; dorsal fin origin at middle between tip of snout and end of caudal peduncle; an adipose fin above end of anal fin base; pelvic fin small; caudal fin forked. Dark olive dorsally, light grayish ventrally; 9 cloudy spots along midline of side all life; 11-31 small black spots above lateral line. A subspecies of O. masau, can be distinguished by average numbers of pectoral fin ray, anal fin ray, vertebrae and spots above lateral line.
