name_code	description
380992	Snout short, wider than depth. Mouth inferior, arched; three rostral fold in front of mouth. Four maxillary barbells in a row and well developed papillae in two rows on upper lip; two pairs of mandibular barbells at corner of mouth. Body thin, elongated, posterior laterally compressed; ventral profile horizontal to origin of anal; dorsal slightly horizontal. Scales tiny, ventral surface of head, thorax and abdomen naked, lateral line scales complete. L.l.：79－87; dorsal fin rays：3+8; pectoral fin rays：12-14+12-14; pelvic fin rays：6-7+10-12; anal fin rays：2+5; pectoral and pelvic fins laterally expanded; pelvic fins bases united; anus near the middle way between pelvic fin end and anal fin origin; caudal fin forked, lower lobe slightly longer than upper. Dorsal fin origin slightly behind pelvic fin origin. Greenish and blueish, irregularly dark blotches along back. Black stripes on dorsal and caudal fins. Resemble to H. formosanum, and can be distinguished by the united pelvic fin base and slender caudal peduncle of H. taitungensis.
380993	Snout short, wider than depth. Mouth inferior, arched; three rostral fold in front of mouth. Four maxillary barbells in a row, two pairs of mandibular barbells at corner of mouth. Body thin, posterior laterally compressed; ventral profile horizontal to origin of anal; dorsal moderately arched. Scales small, ventral surface of head, thorax and abdomen naked; lateral line scales complete. L.l.：50-65; dorsal fin rays：3+8; pectoral fin rays：10-12+12-14; pelvic fin rays：6-8+14-17; anal fin rays：2+5. Pectoral and pelvic fins laterally expanded; pelvic fin continuous to form a sucker; anus near anal fin origin; caudal fin forked. Dorsal fin origin slightly behind pelvic fin origin. Brownish. Some dark blotches along back. Black stripes on all fins.
381097	Body depressed, completely encased in fused dermal plates: 3 pairs of dorsolateral body plates; 4 pairs of ventrolateral body plates; tail rings 8 or 9, mobile. A pair of deep pits posterior to orbit. Suborbital shelf concave, eye visible in ventral view. Ventral ridges of rostrum greatly expanded than dorsal ridges, each with laterally directed denticles. Anal papilla absent. Spinous dorsal fin absent; soft dorsal and anal fins each with 5 rays, placed posteriorly on body; pectoral fins large, wing-like, inserted horizontally, composed of 9 to 12 unbranched soft rays; pectoral-fin rays interconnected by broad, transparent membranes; pelvic fin spine and 1st ray forming an elongate, tentacular structure. Color in life variable; body usually light to dark brown, with dorsal and lateral area darker than ventral surface. Pectoral fins hyaline, distal margin white and spotted.
381098	Body depressed, completely encased in fused dermal plates: 4 pairs of dorsolateral body plates; 5 pairs ventrolateral body plates; deep pits on dorsal surface of head and within interorbital depression absent; 11 or more tail rings with 9th and 10th fused; suborbital shelf convex, obscuring eye from ventral view; last tail ring without spine on dorsal surface. No scales on orbit. Spinous dorsal fin absent; soft dorsal and anal fins each with 5 rays, placed posteriorly on body; pectoral fins large, 5th rays of pectorals stout, much thicker than other rays. Readily identified by its rather short rostrum when juvenile or female; it is more developed in males. It has a variety of colors and can be dull to bright yellow or blue. Preserved body dark brown dorsally and laterally; lighter ventrally.
381099	Body depressed, completely encased in fused dermal plates:  4 pairs of dorsolateral body plates; 5 pairs of ventrolateral body plates; tail rings 12, anteriormost 9 mobile, last 3 fused; a lateral pair of posteriorly directed spines on terminal tail rings. Tubercles absent on surface of carapace; no scales on orbit; suborbital shelf convex obscuring eye from ventral view; deep pits absent. Spinous dorsal fin absent; soft dorsal and anal fins each with 5 rays, placed posteriorly on body; pectoral fins large, wing-like, inserted horizontally, composed of 9 to 12 unbranched soft rays; pectoral-fin rays interconnected by broad, transparent membranes; pelvic fin spine and 1st ray forming an elongate, tentacular structure. Body light brown or olive to dark brown-black dorsally and laterally, lighter ventrally.
381117	"Rings: 11 + 35 (34-37). Snout length: 1.7-2.0 in head length. Dorsal fin rays: 17 (15-18) covering 2+1 rings. Pectoral fin rays: 18 (17-20). Coronet: medium, with four or five very long, very sharp spines. Spines: extremely long and sharp; all spines well-developed. Other distinctive characters: very long snout (more than 1/2 head length); single cheek spine; dorsal fin base very short; always has at least as many pectoral as dorsal fin rays (whereas most species have more dorsal fin rays); sharp ventral keel; prominent spine in front of coronet. Color pattern: base color variable, including pale pink, yellow or green; spines often dark tipped; may have pale ""saddles"", often filled with small dark spots, across dorsolateral surfaces; snout not striped."
381118	Rings: 11+36 (34-38). Snout length: 2.3 (2.0-2.6) in head length. Dorsal fin rays: 17-18 covering 2+1 rings. Pectoral fin rays: 16 (15-18). Coronet: low-medium, rounded, overhanging at the back, often with a cup-like depression in the top; sometimes with broad flanges; not spiny. Spines: low, rounded bumps only. Other distinctive characters: deep head; deep body; thick snout. Color pattern: often totally black with a grainy texture; alternatively pale yellow or cream with fairly large, dark spots (especially females); may be sandy colored, blending in with the surroundings.
381119	"Rings: 11+40-41 (38-43). Snout length: 2.2 (1.9-2.4) in head length. Dorsal fin rays: 20 (18-22) covering 2+1 rings. Pectoral fin rays: 17-18 (16-19). Coronet: very low, in line with arch of neck, visible as five tiny points. Spines: low and small to slightly raised. Other distinctive characters: very sharp hook-like cheek and eye spines; quite flat in appearance; narrow head; no nose spine. Color pattern: golden orange, sandy colored or totally black; may have large dark spots on the dorsolateral surface of the first, fourth and seventh trunk ring (less visible in dark specimens, and more common in males than females); some specimens ""zebra striped"" in brown and white."
381120	"Rings: 11+40-41 (38-43). Snout length: 2.2 (1.9-2.4) in head length. Dorsal fin rays: 20 (18-22) covering 2+1 rings. Pectoral fin rays: 17-18 (16-19). Coronet: very low, in line with arch of neck, visible as five tiny points. Spines: low and small to slightly raised. Other distinctive characters: very sharp hook-like cheek and eye spines; quite flat in appearance; narrow head; no nose spine. Color pattern: golden orange, sandy colored or totally black; may have large dark spots on the dorsolateral surface of the first, fourth and seventh trunk ring (less visible in dark specimens, and more common in males than females); some specimens ""zebra striped"" in brown and white."
381126	Body typically slender and elongate, without scales, encased in a series of bony rings; surfaces largely tuberculate; anterior postdorsal part of tail not oval in cross-section. Superior trunk and tail ridges discontinuous; inferior trunk and tail ridges continuous; lateral trunk ridge confluent with lateral and superior tail ridge. Snout long, compressed laterally,the median dorsal snout ridge poorly defined; opercle without a distinct longitudinal ridge; scutella conizal, not clearly elevated or keel-like in lateral aspect; without dermal flaps. Rings 24-26 + 53-57, darsal-fin rays 40-51, pectoral-fin rays 23-26. Superior ridges of trunk and anterior third of tail margined, dorsolateally, with dark brpwn or black.
381127	Body typically slender and elongate, without scales, encased in a series of bony rings. Snout long, its length 1.7-1.8 in HL. Superior and inferior ridges continuous with their respective tail ridges, the inferior trunk ridge inconspicuous and located on venter of trunk; lateral trunk ridge deflected dorsad behind anal ring, ends just below superior tail ridge near rear of dorsal-fin base. Median dorsal snout ridge low, entire; usually with a spine-like point on supraorbital ridge over posterior third of orbit; opercle without a longitudinal ridge; scutella absent; dermal flaps wrll developed in juveniles, often absent in adult. Rings 15-18 + 40-54, darsal-fin rays 37-50, pectoral-fin rays 20-24. Mainly greenish to brown with variable darker markings, sometimes with a narrow dark stripe on opercle.
381907	Body oblong, compressed. Head length less than body depth; preorbital and preopercle margins serrate; 2 flat spines on opercle. Eye moderately large. Mouth small, maxilla extending to or slightly beyond a vertical at front edge of pupil; bands of fine teeth in jaws, vomer, and palatines. A single dorsal fin, deeply notched between spinous and soft-rayed portions, with X spines and 10 to 12 soft rays; anal fin with III spines and 11 to 12 soft rays; caudal fin moderately forked. Scales ctenoid, moderately large; lateral line complete, with 48 to 53 scales; a well-developed scaly sheath at base of dorsal and anal fins. Silvery, usually with blackish spots posteriorly on dorsal part of body that tends to merge to form bands anteriorly; caudal fin pale with a black posterior margin that broadens on lobe tips; base of caudal fin with small blackish spots; a narrow white margin on soft portion of dorsal and anal fins with a broad blackish submarginal zone anteriorly that narrows posteriorly.
382500	Body fusiform, elongate, and slightly compressed. Teeth small and conical, in a single series. Gill rakers 25 to 31 on first gill arch. Two dorsal fins, separated only by a narrow interspace, the first with XIII to XIV spines; second dorsal fin with 14 to 16 rays, shorter, as high as first dorsal fin; followed by 7-8 finlets; anal fin with 14 to 15 rays, about as high as second dorsal fin, followed by 7 to 8 finlets; pectoral fins remarkably long reaching well beyond origin of second dorsal fin; interpelvic process small and bifid. Body with very small scales; corselet of larger scales developed but not very distinct. Caudal peduncle very slender, bearing on each side a strong lateral keel between 2 smaller keels. Swimbladder present, but poorly developed. A faint lateral iridescent blue band runs along sides in live fish; first dorsal fin deep yellow, second dorsal and anal fins light yellow, anal finlets dark; posterior margin of caudal fin white.
382501	Body fusiform, elongate, and slightly compressed. Teeth small and conical, in a single series. Gill rakers 27 to 34 on first arch. Two dorsal fins, separated only by a narrow interspace, some large specimens with very long second dorsal and anal fins, the first with XII to XIV spines; second dorsal fin with 14 to 15 rays followed by 8 to 9  finlets; anal fin with 14 to 15 rays followed by 8 to 9 finlets; pectoral fins moderately long, usually reaching beyond second dorsal fin origin but not beyond end of its base; interpelvic process small and bifid. Body with very small scales; corselet of larger scales developed but not very distinct. Caudal peduncle very slender, bearing on each side a strong lateral keel between 2 smaller keels. Swimbladder present. Color black metallic dark blue changing through yellow to silver on the belly. The belly frequently with about 20 broken, nearly vertical lines. The dorsal and anal fins and finlets bright yellow.
382502	Body fusiform, elongate, and slightly compressed. Teeth small and conical, in a single series. Gill rakers 27 to 34 on first arch. Two dorsal fins, separated only by a narrow interspace, some large specimens with very long second dorsal and anal fins, the first with XIV to XV spines; second dorsal fin with 13 to 15 rays followed by 8 to 9  finlets; anal fin with 13 to 15 rays followed by 8 to 9 finlets; pectoral fins moderately long in large individuals, but very long in smaller individuals; interpelvic process small and bifid. Body with very small scales; corselet of larger scales developed but not very distinct. Caudal peduncle very slender, bearing on each side a strong lateral keel between 2 smaller keels. Swimbladder present. Lower sides and belly whitish; a lateral iridescent blue band runs along the sides in live specimens. The first dorsal fin is deep yellow, the second dorsal and anal fins are light yellow, the finlets bright yellow edged with black.
382513	Dorsal fin with IX spines and 15 to 17 rays; the membranes indented between the spines; anal fin with III spines and 8 rays, the second spine 15 to 18% of standard length, reaching past tip of third spine; pectoral-fin rays 16 or 17; pectoral fins longer than pelvic fins, pectoral-fin length contained 1.3 to 1.6 times in head length; pelvic fins usually reaching to or beyond anus, pelvic-fin length contained 1.7 to 2.2 times in head length; caudal fin well rounded. Body scales ctenoid, without auxiliary scales; lateral-line scales 46 to 51; lateral-scale series 86 to 100.
382524	Body compressed, the depth less than head length, and contained 2.6 to 3.0 times in standard length (for fish 12 to 37 cm standard length); body width contained 2.4 to 2.6 times in the depth. Head length contained 2.5 to 2.8 times in standard length; dorsal head profile distinctly concave, rising steeply at the nape; preorbital very narrow, its depth contained about 5 times in eye diameter and 30 to 32 times in head length; preopercle finely serrate, the serrae at the angle slightly enlarged, the lower edge smooth: opercle with middle spine inconspicuous, the upper and lower spines rudimentary; posterior nostril a large, crescentic, vertical slit; maxilla extending to below rear half of eye; no step or knob on ventral edge of maxilla; supramaxilla well developed; jaws with bands of villiform teeth; no canines; palatines with teeth. Gill rakers short, 8 to 11 on upper limb, 13 to 17 on lower limb. Dorsal fin with X spines and 17 to 19 rays, the fin origin over opercle, the fin membranes not incised between the spines, the posterior spines longest and the soft-rays even longer; anal fin with III spines and 9 or 10 rays; pectoral fins rounded, with 17 or 18 rays; the middle rays longest; caudal fin rounded, with 8 branched rays and 8 procurrent rays in upper part and 7 branched rays and 8 procurrent rays in lower part. Scales on body smooth (the ctenii greatly reduced); lateral-line scales 54 to 62; lateral-scale series 106 to 122. Pyloric caeca 13.
382526	Dorsal fin with XI spines and 15-17 soft rays; anal fin with III spines and 8-9 soft rays; pectoral fin 17-19 soft rays; latertal-line scales 50-54; longitudinal scale series 92-106; body covered with ctenoid scares except anterodorsally, on thorax, and abdomen; gill rakers 8-9+15-17 of first gill arch; pyloric caeca 12-16. Body depth contained approx. 3.1 times in standard length (for fish 11 to 38 cm standard length); head length contained approx. 2.5 times in standard length. pelvic fins not reaching anus, thier length contain 2.1 times in head length; caudal fin rounded. Head and body pale brownish grey, covered with small red, orange or gold spots, 6 faint oblique dark bars visiable on body, the first bar on nape, the third confluent with a dark brown on body at base of lst 3 dorsal-fin spines, the last bar on caudal peduncle; dark body bars extend only onto base of dorsal-fin; dorsal-fin margin yellow or orange; a row of dusky yellow or orange spots along middle of spinous diorsal fin and another row along base of fin.
382535	Dorsal fin with XI spines ＆ 14-16 soft rays, the third or fourth spines longest, 2.9-4.0 times in head length; anal fin with III spines ＆ 8 soft rays, the third usually longer than the second; pectoral-fin rays 18-20; pelvic-fin length contained 1.9-2.7 times in head length; caudal fin rounded. Lateral-body scales rough ctenoid; With minute auxiliary scales; lateral-line scales 58-65; lateral-scales series 100-118. Gill raker 8-10 on upper limb, 14-17 on lower limb, 23-26 total of first gill arch.
382541	Dorsal fin with XI spines and 14 or 15 rays, the third or fourth spine longest, its length contained 2.9 to 3.5 times in head length and distinctly shorter than longest dorsal-fin rays, the interspinous membranes distinctly incised; anal fin with III spines and 8 rays; pectoral-fin rays 18 to 20; pectoral-fin length contained 1.7 to 2.1 times in head length; pelvic fins not reaching anus, their length contained 2.0 to 2.5 times in head length; caudal fin rounded. Lateral-body scales of fish more than 10 cm standard length smooth, with auxiliary scales; lateral-line scales 52 to 58; lateral-scale series 102 to 115.
382543	Dorsal fin with XI spines and 14 to 16 rays, the 3rd to 11 th spines subequal, their length contained 3.1 to 5.7 in head length and much shorter than longest rays in adults; anal fin with III spines and 8 rays; pectoral-fin rays 18 to 20; pectoral-fin length contained 1.8 to 2.2 times in head length;pelvic fins not eaching anus, their length contained 2.1 to 2.6 times in head length: caudal fin rounded. Lateral-body scales smooth, with auxiliary scales; lateral-line scales 54 to 62, the anterior scales with branched tubules (except small juveniles); lateral-scale series 95 to 105.
382586	Dosal spine base connected with rays base, X, 16, the III longest; anal rays III, 7; pelvic fin abdominal position; pectoral fin elongated, 13; caudal fin truncated closely. Gill rakers 5-6 on upper limb, 9-10 on lower limb, body depth 2.8-2.9 times in standard length. Body color yellowish or white, body back covered with many irrgular reddish orange blotches, sometimes with yellowish ones.
382589	Dorsal fin with VII or VIII slender spines and 10 to 12 rays, the third or fourth spine longest, its length contained 3.2 to 4.2 times in head length, the longest soft ray contained 2.2 to 2.7 times in head length; base of spinous part of dorsal fin subequal to that of soft-rayed part; anal fin with III slender spines and 8 rays, the first 1 or 2 spines embedded and difficult to see in large fish; pectoral-fin rays 15 to 17; pectoral fins subequal to pelvic fins, pectoral-fin length contained 1.9 to 2.2 times in head length; caudal fin emarginate, the caudal concavity contained 5 to 12 times in head length. Lateral-line scales 89 to 99.
382692	The body is elongated and cylindrically. Upper jaw prolonged into a sword-like long bill, flat-oval in cross-section; eye large. Caudal peduncle with large keel present on each side and a deep notch on both the dorsal and ventral surfaces. No pelvic fins. Lateral line absent in adults, but recognizable in specimens to about 1 m body length as a wave line, disappearing with growth. Adults scaleless but scales with small spines present in specimens to about 1 m body length. Back and sides of body blackish-brown, gradually fading to light-brown on ventral side.
382788	Head moderately large. Mouth large and protractile, especially in spawning males; posterior end of upper jaw reaches posterior margin of eye. Body elongated, somewhat laterally compressed especially in adults; dorsal and ventral profile slightly arched. Scales small and cycloid; lateral line complete. L.l.：112-140; Dorsal soft fin rays：12-15; pelvic fin rays：9; anal fin rays：11. Dorsal fin base short, considerably equal to anal fin base; dorsal fin origin at middle between tip of snout and end of caudal peduncle; an adipose fin above end of anal fin base; pelvic fin small; caudal fin forked. Dark olive dorsally, light grayish ventrally; 9 cloudy spots along midline of side all life; 11-31 small black spots above lateral line. A subspecies of O. masau, can be distinguished by average numbers of pectoral fin ray, anal fin ray, vertebrae and spots above lateral line.
383068	A medium-sized fairly stocky species. Eyes fairly large its horizontal length 2-2.7% of total length. Gill slits moderate sized, the third 2.8-4.2% of total length and less than 2/5 of first dorsal fin base. Rows of anteroposteral teeth in each jaw half 13-14/13-14. Upper teeth with narrow, strongly serrated, high cusps, and crown feet with coarser serrations and often distal cusplets. Lower teeth with erect or semioblique, narrow serrated cusps and transverse roots. Interdorsal ridge absent usually. Origin of 1st dorsal fin over or just in front of pectoral free rear tips. Inner margin of 1st dorsal moderately long, but less than a half dorsal base. Second dorsal fin moderately large and high, its height 2.7-3.4% of total length, its inner margin length 1.2-1.6 times its height. Origin of 2nd dorsal about over anal origin. Length of anterior margins of pectoral fin about 18-21% of total length. Total verebral centra 211-221, precaudal centra 110-119. Colour grey above, white below, pectorals, 2nd dorsal, anal, and pelvic fins with blackish of dusky tips.
383069	A large, fairly slender species. Snout moderately long and narrowly rounded or pointed. Eyes length 1.1-2.2% of total length. Gill slits moderately long, the 3rd 2.5-4.1% of total length and less than a half of 1st dorsal fin base. Rows of anteroposterior teeth in each jaw half 14-16/14-15. upper teeth with narrow, serrated, high bent cusps, and crown feet with slightly coarser serrations but no cusplets. Lower teeth with semierect, narrow serrated cusps and transverse roots. Interdorsal ridge absent usually. Origin of first dorsal fin over or slightly anterior to pectoral rear tips. Second dorsal fin small and fairly low, its height 1.9-2.6% of total length, its inner margin short and 1.2-1.8 times its height. Origin of 2nd dorsal fin over or slightly posterior to anal origin. Total vertebral centra 179-203, precaudal centra 96-110. Colour bronzy to olive grey above, white below, a moderately prominent white band on flank.
383070	A large, slender species. Size up to about 2.8 m. Snout long and pointed. Eyes small, 1.1-2% of total length. Rows of anteroposterior teeth in each jaw half 15-18/14-17. Upper teeth with narrow, finely serrated, long cusps, and crown feet with serrations but no cusplets. Lower teeth with erect, smooth-edged narrow cusps and transverse roots. Interdorsal ridge absent. First dorsal fin small, its origin usually over or slightly posterior to pectoral free rear tip, inner margin of 1st dorsal fin short, a third of dorsal base or slightly less. Second dorsal fin moderately large, its height 1.8-2.6% of total length, its inner margin short and 1.4-1.9 times its height. Origin of 2nd dorsal fin over or usually slightly behind anal fin origin. Total vertebral centra 155-185, precaudal centra 84-96. Black tips usually present on pectorals, 2nd dorsal, anal and ventral caudal lobe. A conspicuous white band on flanks.
383071	A small, slender species. Snout moderately long and moderately pointed.  Eyes moderately large, its horizontal length 2-2.2% of total length. Rows of anteroposterior teeth in each jaw half 12-14/11-15. Upper teeth with narrow to moderately broad, strongly serrated, strongly oblique cusps, and crown feet with strong, serrated, distal cusplets. Lower teeth with oblique, narrow serrated cusps and transverse roots. Interdorsal ridge present. First dorsal fin small, its origin over posterior half of pectoral inner margin. Second dorsal fin large and high, its height 2.6-4% of total length, its inner margin short and 1-1.5 times its length. Origin of 2nd dorsal over or slightly behind anal fin origin. Total vertebral centra 109-150, precaudal centra 54-74. Colour grey or grey brown with black or dusky tip present on 2nd dorsal fin only.
383072	A large oceanic shark species, maximum size up to be about 3.3 m in TL. Snout moderately long and rounded; iternarial width 1.2-1.6 times in preoral snout length. Length of eye 1.2-2.7 % of TL; length of 3rd gill slit 2.9-3.6% of TL and less than 2/5 of 1st dorsal fin base; rows of anteroposterior teeth 14-16/13-17. A interdorsal ridge present. First dorsal fin falcate; origin of 1st dorsal fin behind the pectoral free rear tips; inner margin of 1st dorsal fin long, about 1/2 of dorsal base; 2nd dorsal fin very small and low, its height 1.3-2.2 % of TL, its inner margin very long and 1.6-3 times its height; origin of 2nd dorsal over or slightly behind anal origin; pectoral fin narrowly falcate, length of anterior margins about 14-22% of TL; vertebral centra 199-215, precaudal centra 98-106. Color dark grey or grey above, white below; tips of fins other than first dorsal dusky but not black-tipped; an inconspicuous white band on flank.
383073	A large, stout species; size up to about 3.4 m. Snout short and bluntly and broadly rounded; internarial width 0.7-1.0 times in preoral length; upper labial furrows short and inconspicuous; the 3rd gill slit 3.1-4.1 of total length, but less than 1/3 of 1st dorsal fin base; anteroposterior teeth formula in each jaw half 12-14/12-13; upper teeth with very broad, triangular, strongly serrated, erect to slightly oblique cusps; lower teeth with erect to semioblique, broad serracted cusps and arched roots. Interdorsal ridge absent. First dorsal fin large, with a pointed rounded apex; origin of 1st dorsal fin usually over or just behind pectoral insertions; length of inner margin of 1st dorsal fin short, less than 1/3 of dorsal fin base; 2nd dorsal fin large and high, its length 3.2-4.5 of total length; origin of second dorsal anterior to anal origin; pectoral fin large and broad, triangular, with narrow, pointed apices, length of anterior margins about 18-21% of total length; 198-227 total vertebral centra, 101-123 precaudal centra.
383074	A large, stout shark. Eyes moderately large, its horizontal length 1.2-2.2% of total length. Rows of anteroposterior teeth in each jaw half 14-16/13-16. Upper teeth with narrow, strongly serrated, high cusps, and crown feet with slightly coarser serrations but no cusplets. Lower teeth with erect, narrow, serrated high cusps and transverse roots. Interdorsal ridge absent. First dorsal fin large, its origin usually over or slightly posterior to pectoral insertion, its inner margin short, about a third of dorsal base. Second dorsal fin large and high, its height 2.5-3.6% of total length, its inner margin short and 1.1-1.6 times its height. Origin of 2nd dorsal fin over or slightly anterior to anal origin. Total number of vertebral centra 174-203, precaudal centra 88-102. Colour grey or grey-brown above, white below. Black tips usually founded on pectoral, 2nd dorsal, and ventral caudal lobe. Black edges usually present on 1st dorsal apex, and dorsal caudal lobe. A conspicuous white band present on flanks.
383075	A large, stocky shark species. Snout short and broadly rounded. Eyes small, its length 0.9-2.5% of total length. Gill slits moderately long, length of 3rd 3.1-4.1% of total length and less than a third of 1st dorsal base. Rows of anteroposterior teeth in each jaw half 13-14/13-15. Upper teeth with very broad, triangular, strongly serrated cusps that merge into crown feet with slightly coarser serrations but no cusplets. Lower teeth with erect to slightly oblique, stout serrated cusps and transverse or moderately arched roots. Interdorsal ridge usually present. First dorsal fin very large and distally expanded, with a broadly rounded apex. Origin of 1st dorsal fin just anterior to the pectoral free rear tips. Inner margin of 1st dorsal fin moderately long, about half dorsal base. Second dorsal fin large and high, its length 2.7-3.9% of total length, its inner margin short and 1-1.1 times its height. Origin of 2nd dorsal over or slightly anterior to anal origin. Pectoral fin very large and elongated, with broadly rounded apices, length of anterior margins about 19-29% of total length. Number of total vertebral centra 228-244, precaudal centra 123-131. Colour grey-bronze above, white below. White mottling usually present on fins, particularly pectorals, 1st dorsal, pelvics, and caudal tips.
383076	A smaller, slender shark species. Snout long and narrowly rounded or slightly pointed. Eyes moderately large, its length 1.8-2.5% of total length. Gill slits short, length of 3rd 2.8-3.5% of total length and about a third of 1st dorsal base. Rows of anteroposterior teeth in each jaw half 13-14/10-14. Upper teeth with narrow, smooth, moderately high cusps, and crown feet with strong distal and proximal cusplets but no serrations. Lower teeth with oblique, moderately high smooth cusps and transverse roots. Interdorsal ridge absent. Origin of 1st dorsal fin usually over or somewhat anterior to the pectoral free rear tips. Inner margin of 1st dorsal extremely long, about 2/3 of dorsal base. Second dorsal fin small and low, its height 1.8-2% of total length, its inner margin elongated and 2.3-2.4 times its height. Origin of 2nd dorsal well behind anal origin, near anal midbase. Number of total vertebral centra 151-156. Colour grey or grey-brown above, white below.
383077	A moderately-sized, fairly stocky species. Eyes fairly large, its length 2-3% of total length. Gill slits moderately-sized, length of the 3rd 2.6-4.2% of total length and less than a third of the 1st dorsal base. Rows of anteroposterior teeth in each jaw half 11-13/10-12. upper teeth with narrow, strongly serrated, high cusps, and crown feet with coarse serrations and cusplets. Lower teeth with erect to oblique narrow serrated cusps and transverse roots. Interdorsal ridge absent. First dorsal fin large, with a rounded apex. Origin of 1st dorsal fin usually over pectoral free rear tips. Inner margin of 1st dorsal fin slightly more or less than half dorsal base. Second dorsal fin large and high, its height 3.4-4.1% of total length, its inner margin short and 0.8-1.1 times its height. Origin of 2nd dorsal fin over anal origin. Length of pectoral fin anterior margins about 18-19% of total length. Total vertebral centra 193-214, precaudal centra 111-122. Colour light brown above, white below. First dorsal fin and ventral caudal lobe with a conspicuous black apical blotch. A conspicuous white band on flank.
383078	A large, fairly slender species. Snout short to moderately long and broadly rounded. Eyes moderately large, its length 1-2.1% of total length. Gill slits moderately long, length of the 3rd 2.7-4% of total length and less than a third of 1st dorsal fin base. Rows of anteroposterior teeth in each jaw half 14-15/13-15. Upper teeth with broad, triangular, strong serrated, rather low erect to slightly oblique cusps, that smoothly merge into crown feet which have slightly coarser serrations but no cusplets. Lower teeth with erect, moderately broad, serrated cusps and tranverse or sometimes arched roots. Interdorsal ridge present. First dorsal fin moderated-sized, with a pointed or narrowly rounded apex. Origin of 1st dorsal fin usually over or slightly anterior to the pectoral free rear tips. Inner margin of 1st dorsal moderately short, a third of dorsal fin base or less. Second dorsal fin small and low, its height 1.5-2.3% of total length. Origin of 2nd dorsal fin about over anal origin. Pectoral fin large, with a narrow rounded or pointed apices. Number of total vertebral centra 173-194, precaudal centra 86-97. Tips of most fins dusky but not black or white. An inconspicuous white band on flank.
383079	A medium sized, fairly stock species. Snout short and broadly rounded. Eyes moderately large, its length 1.7-2.9% of total length. Gill slits short, length of the 3rd 2.4-3.6% of total length and less than a third of 1st dorsal fin base. Rows of anteroposterior teeth in each jaw half 14-15/12-15. upper teeth with broadly triangular, strongly serrated cusps, merging smoothly into crown feet with slightly coarser serrations but no cusplets. Lower teeth with erect, narrow serrated cusps and transverse roots. Interdorsal ridge present. First dorsal fin very large, with a pointed or narrowly rounded apex. Origin of 1st dorsal fin over or slightly anterior to pectoral insertions. Inner margin of 1st dorsal fin moderately long, 2/5 of dorsal fin base, or slightly less. Second dorsal fin moderately high, its height 2.1-3.5% of total length. Origin of 2nd dorsal fin over or slightly anterior to anal origin. Pectoral fin large, with a narrowly rounded or pointed apices. Number of total vertebral centra 152-189, precaudal centra 82-97. Colour grey-brown above, white below. Tips and posterior edges of fins are often dusky, but no conspicuous markings.
383081	A big-headed, very short and blunt-snouted, large-monthed requiem skark. Head broad and flat. Eyes fairly large, without posterior notches. Teeth similar in upper and lower jaws, of characteristic cockscomb shape, with heavy, bent, oblique cusps, strong distal cusplets and prominent serrations but no blades. Cusps of lower teeth not prominently protruding when mouth is closed. 18-26/18-25 rows of teeth. Interdorsal ridge present. Caudal peduncle with low but prominent dermal keels. Upper precaudal pit transverse and crescentic. First dorsal origin above pectoral insertions or inner margins, its midbase closer to pectoral bases than to pelvics, and free rear tip well in front of pelvic fins. Second dorsal origin slightly anterior to anal origin. Pectoral length from origin to free rear tip about 3/5-2/3 of their anterior margins. Anal fin about as large as 2nd dorsal fin. Colour grey with a unique colour pattern of black spots and vertical bars on dorsal surface of body, bold in young but fading out in adults.
383082	A fairly stocky requiem shark with a broadly rounded short snout. Preoral snout much shorter than mouth width but with a rather long preorbital snout. Eyes small. First dorsal origin over rear ends of pectoral bases. Second dorsal fin about 1/2 height of 1st dorsal fin. Upper teeth with high, broad, serrated triangular cusps. Lower anterior teeth with long, hooked, protruding cusps. Interdorsal ridge absent. Upper precaudal pit longitudinal. Body with no conspicuous markings.
383083	A small, very slender requiem shark with a long snout and big eye. First dorsal origin behind pectoral free rear tips. Second dorsal fin much smaller than 1st, its origin about over anal insertion. Anal fin larger than 2nd dorsal fin, with very long preanal ridges. Colour grayish to brownish without a prominent colour pattern.
383085	Body rather slender and elongated. Head narrow, and moderately depressed. Snout narrowly parabolic in dorsalventral view, preoral length greater than internarial space and mouth width. Eyes large, without posterior notches. Spiracle absent. Teeth well differentiated in upper and lower jaws. Upper anteroposteriors teeth with broad, triangular, curved erect to oblique, serrated cusps. Lower teeth with slender cusps, no blades and cusplets. 24-31/25-34 rows of teeth. Interdorsal ridge absent. Caudal peduncle with low dermal keels. Upper precaudal pit transverse and crescentic. First dorsal origin well behind pectoral rear tips, its midbase much closer to pelvic than to pectoral bases. Second height 1/2 of 1st dorsal height or less, its origin slightly posterior to anal insertion. Pectoral fin very narrow, its length from origin to free rear tip 1/2 or less of pectoral anterior margin. Anal fin slightly larger than 2nd dorsal fin, with short preanal ridges and a deeply notched posterior margin. Colour intense deep blue above, white below, without a colour pattern.
383086	Prenarial snout length 4-5.4% of total length. Teeth not well-differentiated between sexes. Total tooth rows usually 25/24. Position of 1st dorsal origin usually over or slightly in front of pectoral free rear tips. Second dorsal origin ranges from above last third of anal base to over its insertion. Length of pectoral anterior margin usually equal to or shorter than 1st dorsal length from origin to free rear tip. Total number of vertebral centra 121-162, precaudal centra 55-79. Colour grey, grey-brown or purplish brown above, pale below, pectoral fins with a light margin.
383087	A moderately stout, with head broad, greatly depressed, and trowel shaped shark. Snout bell-shaped in dorsoventral view. Preoral length greater than internarial space and mouth width. Eyes small and without posterior notches. Spiracles absent. Teeth similar in upper and lower jaws. Teeth of anteroposteriors with slender oblique cusps and distal blades but no cusplets or serrations. 25-33/24-34 rows of teeth. Interdorsal ridge absent. First dorsal origin over or behind pectoral rear tips, its midbase much closer to pelvic bases than to pectorals and its free rear tip about over pelvic midbases. Second dorsal fin height 1/3 of 1st height or less. Pectoral fin origin under interspace between 4th and 5th of gill slits. Anal fin much larger than 2nd dorsal fin, with short preanal ridges. Colour light grey, yellowish or brownish grey above, without any colour pattern.
383088	A large hammerhead with an expanded prebranchial head. Head width 24-30% of total length. Anterior margin of head very broadly arched, with prominent medial and lateral indentations. Preoral snout about 1/5-1/3 of head width. Anterior teeth with moderately long, stout to slender cusps, smooth or weakly serrated. Posterior teeth mostly cuspidates and not keeled and molariform. First dorsal origin above or slightly behind pectoral insertions, its free rear tip well anterior to pelvic origins. Second dorsal height less than anal fin, its inner margin length about twice the fin height. Total vertebrae centra 174-209. Colour grey-brown above, white below, with dusky to black pectoral fin tips.
383089	A large hammerhead with an expanded prebranchial head. Head width 23-27% of total length. Anterior margin of head very broadly arched in young but nearly straight in adults, with prominent medial and lateral indentations. Preoral snout less than 1/3 of head width. Anterior teeth moderately long stout cusps, strongly serrated edges, posterior teeth mostly cuspidate and not keeled and molariform. First dorsal fin origin over or slightly behind pectoral insertions, its free rear tip well anterior to pelvic origins. Second dorsal fin height about equal to anal fin, its inner margin about equal to fin height. Anal fin about as large as or larger than 2nd dorsal fin, its base 5.6-7.3% of total length. Total vertebral centra 197-212. Colour grey-brown above, light below, without fin markings.
383090	A large hammerhead shark with expanded prebranchial head. Head width 26-29 % of total length. Anterior margin of head very broadly arched with prominent lateral indentations, but no medial indentation. Preoral snout about 1/5 to less than 1/3 of head width. Anterior teeth with moderately long, very stout cusps, and smooth or weakely serrated edges. Posterior teeth mostly cuspidate and not keeled and molariform. First dorsal fin origin over pectoral insertions, its free rear tip well aneterior to pelvic origins. Second dorsal fin low, less than anal fin height, its inner margin long, about twice fin height. Anal fin slightly larger than 2nd dorsal fin. Total vertebral centra 193-206. Colour dark olive or dark grey-brown above, white below, undersides of pectoral fin tips dusky.
383091	A moderately slender shark species, with head very broad and flattened. Snout broadly rounded and very short. Preoral snout length subequal to internarial space and much less than mouth width. Eyes fairly small, usually with posterior notches. Spiracles usually absent. Teeth similar in upper and lower jaws. Teeth of anteroposteriors in both jaws with erect to semioblique, narrow cusps, strong, high proximal and distal cusplets, but no blades or serrations. Lateral keels on caudal peduncle absent. Upper precaudal pit transverse and crescentic. First dorsal origin well behind pectoral free rear tips, its midbase much closer to pelvic bases than pectorals. Second dorsal fin very large, its height 1/2-3/4 of 1st dorsal fin. Pectoral origin varying from under interspace between 4th and 5th gill slits to about under 5th gill slits. Anal fin about as large as second dorsal fin. Colour grey or brownish above, without a colour pattern other than variable dusky spots and brilliant white fin tips.
383093	A small sized and slender shark species. Body elongate, compressed posteriorly; head depress, flattened below, broader than high, snout broadly rounded. Eyes with nictating eyelids. Gill slits short about 1.3 times horizontal eye length in adults. Mouth very short and arched with teeth not protruding. Upper teeth with distal cusplets but no serrations. Lower teeth shaped like inverted Ys, with short, straight, smooth-edged cusps, without cusplets. Second dorsal fin about 2/3 size of 1st dorsal fin. Second dorsal origin slightly ahead of anal origin. Anal fin smaller than 2nd dorsal fin and without preanal ridges. Tranversely, cresentic precaudal pits present. Colour light grey or bronze with no prominent markings.
383097	A large, bulky, dark-brown, soft-bodied shark with elongated, catlike eyes and nictitating eyelids, large spiracles, a huge, wide, angular mouth that reaches behind eyes, very short labial furrows, numerous small cuspidate teeth in 200 or more rows in each jaw, two large spineless dorsal fins and an anal fin, a low, long, keel-like first dorsal fin on back, no precaudal pits, and a caudal fin without a strong ventral lobe or lateral undulations on its dorsal margin. Body elongate; head wide and flattened above; interorbital elevated, convex; snout short, with rounded tip. Teeth in 294 rows above, 335 rows below, minute, extremely numerous, arranged in mosaic, each with larger median cusp and 1or 2 smaller lateral cusps on each side. Scales minute, each with acute tip. First dorsal long, low, gradually elevated posteriorly, about 1/6 as high as length at base, its origin midway between nostril and rear end of 2nd dorsal base, its free rear margin very short, its rear end of base terminating about over origin of ventrals. Second dorsal rather large, about twice as long as high, its origin little posterior to tip of ventral, its rear end of bese a little posterior to that of anal, its rear corner slightly produced. Unitormly dark brown, darkest on posterior margin of 2nd dorsal, anal and caudal, sides of body and tail with numerous vertical streaks of grayish brown.
383099	Body relatively slender, trunk slightly tapering toward head. Snout moderately long, broad, and bell-shaped, nostrils broad, anterior nasal flaps low and rounded; mouth long, large, and broadly arched, with dental ands not greatly expanded and with lower ones just behind uppers. Interdorsal space almost twice first dorsal base, about dorsal view of head underside of head qual to preorbital snout; first dorsal fin about two thirds as large as second, second dorsal base about 1.2 times the length of first; origin of first dorsal above posterior half of pelvic bases; second dorsal insertion somewhat in front of anal insertion interspace between pectoral and pelvic bases short, about equal to preoral snout and about 8% of total length in adults; pelvic fins fairly low and broadly rounded; anal fin long, low, and angular, about four times as long as high, its base about equal to prebranchial space and 18 to 19% of total length in adults; caudal fin fairly long and narrow, without a dorsal crest of enlarged denticles. Colour light grey brown above, whitish below and on fins. Adults moderately large, to about 67 cm. Maximum about 66 cm (adult female).
383101	Claspers of adult males extremely attenuated and narrow, reaching at least 2/3 of distance from pelvic insertions to anal origin. Colour pattern highly variegated, dorsal saddles obsolete, black spots enlarged and often merging together to form dash and bar marks that bridge saddle areas, light ground colour forming large white spots scattered on sides and back.Body elongate, slender. head width little less than its length. Snout short, rounded as seen from above, lower eyelid attached within upper eyelid; interorbital convex. Spiracle small, close behind eye. Gill openings small, equidistant, last 2 above pectoral base. Mouth broadly ovate, with long labial furrow around mouth angle; no cirri. Teeth small, tricuspid, median cusp twice as long as outer. Fins rather small, dorsals about similar in shape and size, their anterior margins weakly convex, distal margins concave, rear tip acute; 1st dorsal origin little behind midpoint of ventral.2nd dorsal origin over forward half of anal, interdorsal space nearly twice 1st dorsal base. Pectoral moderate, outer margin slightly convex, inner angle broadly rounded. Light brown above, whitish below. Irregular dark blotches mixed with white spots retained as brown edged ocellin on back and fins; extremities of fins more or less whitish.
383107	Body slender, with long-nose and vestigial anterior nasal flaps. Eyes large, horizontally, with internal nictitating lower eyelids. Teeth bladelike with oblique cusps and distal cusplets in both jaw. Second dorsal fin somewhat smaller than 1st dorsal fin but larger than anal fin. A relatively short terminal caudal lobe much less than half the dorsal caudal margin.
383115	Supraorbital ridges moderately high, ends abruptly about eye diameter behind eye. Mouth terminal, narrow, its width 3 in head. Teeth alike in both jaws, those toward center of mouth smaller, with 3 cusps, median one larger, those along outer parts of jaws much larger, molar-like, and elongate with longitudinal keel. Fist dorsal origin over pectoral bases. Anal base length 2 or more times in space between anal insertion and lower caudal origin. Twelve of narrow vertical brown or black stripes on body, on light brown to white background, no spots or harness markings.
383116	A body slender and eel-like shark species, with a prominent keels on both sides of abdomen. Head with 6 pairs of gill slits, the lower ends of the first gill slits connected to each other across throat. Snout very short and truncated, mouth terminal on head. Teeth alike in both upper and lower jaws, with three strong cusps and a pair of intermediate cusplets, not saw or bladelike. One dorsal fin. Anal fin larger than dorsal fin. Caudal fin without a subterminal notch.
383117	A small sized seven gill shark species. Head narrow and pointed. Eyes very large. Mouth narrow and parabolic. Lower comblike teeth wide and low, with a few short mesial cusplets, an high cusp, and up to 7 or 8 distal cusplets in adults. Caudal peduncle long, distance from dorsal fin insertion to upper caudal origin longer than twice length of dorsal fin base. Colour grey above, white below. Dorsal fin and upper caudal lobe with black tips.
383118	A big-sized, heavy-bodied, broad-headed six gill shark. Body rather stout. Head rounded to bluntly pointed. Eyes small. Lower jaw usually with 6 rows of large, comblike teeth on each side, these with relatively short cusps. Dorsal fin close to upper caudal origin, caudal peduncle short and stout. Distance from dorsal fin insertion to upper caudal origin about equal or slightly greater than length of dorsal base.
383120	A large-sized, broad-headed, small-eyed seven-gilled shark. Head bluntly pointed, with 7 pairs of gill slits on both sides of head. Eyes small. Mouth wide. Jaws with large lower comblike teeth, which is high and short, with mesial serrations, a low cusp, and 5 or 6 distal cusplets in adults. Caudal peduncle short, distance from dorsal fin insertion to upper caudal origin about equal to the length of dorsal fin base. Body usually possess numerous small black spots.
383123	Body cylindrical, massive before first dorsal fin. Caudal fin dorsal lobe extremely long nearly as long as rest of shark. Eyes moderately large at all sizes. Orbit  not expand onto dorsal surface of head. Dorsal profile of head convex and forehead strongly convex in lateral view. Horizontal groove absent from each side of the head. Pectoral fins falcate and narrow-tipped. Terminal lobe of caudal fin moderately large. White colour of abdomen extending over pectoral fin bases as a conspicuous patch.
383124	Size great, head much shorter than trunk, snout pointed and conical. Length of eyes 0.8-1.3% of precaudal length. Gill opening extremely large, width of 1st 17.7-29.2% of precaudal length, extending onto the dorsal and ventral surfaces of head. Trunk fusiform and moderately stout. Caudal peduncle depressed and with strong lateral keels and upper and lower crescentic precaudal pits. Pectoral fins long and moderately broad, much shorter than head. Pelvic fins smaller than the 1st dorsal fin but large than the 2nd. First dorsal fin large, high, erect and angular. Second dorsal and anal fins moderately large but less than half size of the 1st, with broad, non-pivotable bases. Caudal fin lunate, dorsal lobe moderately long but less than 1/3 length of rest of shark, ventral lobe nearly as long as dorsal lobe. Total vertebral count 109-116, precaudal count 50-54.
383125	Trunk fusiform and moderately slender to stout. Head shorter than trunk. Snout moderately long, pointed and conical, but not greatly elongated, flattened or bladelike. Gill openings large, extending onto dorsal surface of head, and all anterior to pectoral fin bases. Internal gill slits without gillrakers. Anterior and lateral teeth are narrow and awl or bladelike to broad, compressed and triangular. First dorsal fin large, high, erect and angular. Second dorsal and anal fin much smaller than 1st dorsal fin, and with pivoting bases. Pectoral fins long and narrow. Pelvic fins small, much smaller than 1st dorsal fin but larger than 2nd dorsal fin. Caudal fin lunate. Precaudal pits present, caudal peduncle strongly depressed and with strong keels.
383126	Body spindle-shaped and moderately long. Snout pointed and acutely conical. Large teeth without cusplets or serrations. Cusps of 1st upper anterior teeth with incomplete cutting edges. Tips of anterior teeth strongly reflexed, cusps narrower and more oblique. First dorsal fin large, Second dorsal and anal fins minute, and with pivoting bases. Pectoral fins moderately long and broad, its length shorter than head. Colour of underside of head is white.       Distribution:   Literature:
383128	A large, bulky shark. Head with 5 medium to large gill slits, all in front of pectoral-fin bases, no gill rakers; snout very short and flattened-conical; no nasal barbels or nasoral grooves; eyes small, without nictitating eyelids; mouth very long and angular, extending well behind eyes; anterior teeth in 3 rows on either side of symphysis, large, with long, narrow, hooked, sharp-edged but non-serrated cusps and usually 1 short cusplet on each side; upper anteriors separated from the smaller laterals by a single row of tiny intermediate teeth (lacking in lower jaw); lower anteriors separated at front by 2 rows of small symphyseal teeth (generally lacking in upper jaw). Two dorsal fins, the base of first just in front of pelvic-fin bases and well posterior to pectoral fins; second dorsal fin about as large as first dorsal and anal fins; caudal fin strongly asymmetrical, with a pronounced subterminal notch and a short ventral lobe. No keels on caudal peduncle, but with a strong upper precaudal pit. Claspers tapering. Intestinal valve of ring type. Colour: light brown, often with darker reddish or brownish spots scattered on body, eyes with light green irises.
383129	A small sized, oceanic shark, with huge eyes lacking nictitating eyelids. Head short, much shorter than trunk. Snout pointed and bulbously conical, not greatly elongated. Gill slits long. Body slender and spindle-shaped. Teeth large, the anterior narrow and awl-like, the lateral more compressed and blade-like, with less than 30 rows in either jaw. First dorsal fin small, low, and angular, second dorsal fin smaller than 1st but larger than anal fin. Second dorsal fin possess a nonpivoting base bur anal fin pivotable. Pectoral fin small, short and broad. Caudal fin not lunate. Precaudal pits present, caudal peduncle slightly depressed and with low lateral keels.
383130	Body elongate, fusiform, head depressed and moderately broad. Snout short and obtuse. Eyes small, without nictitating membrane. Spiracle minute, close behind eye. Nasoral grooves present but no perinasal grooves, mouth well in front of eyes. Length of precaudal tail shorter than head and body. Two spineless, angular dorsal fins and an anal fin. First dorsal base over pelvic bases. Colour brown, from tan to dark grey-brown according to habitat, and slowly changeable by individual.
383131	Body very elongate, slender. Tail long and tapering. Gill openings narrow, subequal, last two very close, and 3rd-5th above pectoral fin base. A lateral ridge present on each side of trunk. Dorsal fins small and rounded, smaller than pelvicfins, and without projecting free rear tips. Interdorsal space nearly twice 1st dorsal fin base. First dorsal origin over or behind pelvic fin bases. Origin of anal fin far behind free rear tip of 1st dorsal fin. Colour pale brown above, marked with 12 or 13 broad, transverse, dark brown bands or saddles. Whitish spots scattered over whole back and upper sides. Light grayish, unspotted below
383133	Body elongated, tail moderately slender and compressed. Mouth well in front of eyes. Snout rounded anteriorly. No lateral ridge on trunk. Dorsal fins large and angular, somewhat larger than pelvic fins. Two dorsal fin with projecting free rear tips. Interdorsal space fairly short, slightly greater than 1st dorsal fin base. First dorsal origin over anterior halves of pelvic bases. Anal fin origin somewhat behind free rear tip of 1st dorsal fin. Colour light brown in adults, usually without a colour pattern, but young with dark transverse spots and usually a scattering of small blackish spots.
383135	Body depressed, head and snout broad, flattened. Eyes small, with tubercles along upper eyelid. Spiracle large, behind and below eye. Gill openings small, 3rd -5th above pectoral fin base. Head with 8-10 dermal lobes below and in front of eye on each side. Nasal barbells with a few basal branches. No dermal tubercles or ridges on back. Origin of 1st dorsal fin about over last third of pelvic base. First dorsal fin height about equal to its base length. Interspace between dorsal fins longer than inner margin of 1st dorsal, and about half length of dorsal base. Colour brownish, with numerous white spots and marking, white blotch behind spiracle. Lower surfaces uniformly pale.
383137	A very large shark with cylindrical or moderately depressed body. Head very broad and flattened, with 5 large gill slits, the posterior 3 over the pectoral-fin bases; no gill rakers but filter grids of transverse bars and lobes across the internal gill slits; spiracles much smaller than eyes; nostrils with short, quadrate anterior nasal flaps, minute barbels, and shallow nasoral grooves; no nictitating eyelids; snout extremely short, truncated ; mouth nearly subterminal, very wide, transverse and short, not reaching backward to eyes; teeth very small and extremely numerous, similar in both jaws, not bladelike and with hooked cusps. Two dorsal fins, the first with rear 1/3 of base over pelvic-fin bases, the second less than half the size of first; anal fin present; caudal fin asymmetrical, crescentic, with a strong lower lobe but no subterminal notch. Caudal peduncle depressed, with a strong keel on each side continuing forward onto the back and over the gill slits as a small ridge and flanked by 2 additional ridges above; upper precaudal pit present. Colour: a unique checkerboard pattern of white or yellow spots, horizontal and vertical stripes on a grey, bluish, reddish or greenish brown dorsal surface, abruptly white or yellowish on the underside of the body.
383138	Body elongated, compressed, caudal slightly less than 1/2 of total length in adult, more than 1/2 in young. A small transverse mouth in front of eyes. Snout very broad rounded or truncated. Eyes laterally situated on head, without subocular pockets. Two spinless dorsal fin, the 1st dorsal fin much larger than the 2nd dorsal fin and with its origin far forward on back. Pectoral large, its outer margin little less than length of head. Sides of the body with prominent ridges, but no strong lateral keels on the caudal peduncle. Young sharks are dark brown above, yellowish below, with vertical yellow stripes and spots breaking the dorsal coloration into dark saddles.
383160	Disc much broader than long; anterior margins convex, posterior concave. Head thick, prominent, narrowing downward and forward on ths sides. Snout narrower, produced. Rostral fins distinct from the pectorals. Nostrils confluent with mouth, free hind margin fringed and deeply emarginated at middle. Eyes small, prominent, lateral,almost in front of mouth angle. Spiralces large, lateral, behind eye, partly visible from above. Teeth uniserial, broad and short, lower pavement projecting slightly. Each tooth is curved or angled forward more or less in the middle. Gill openings subequal, equidistant. One dorsal fin, small, rounded above, with a short free margin and an angle behind the base, origin above the ends of the bases of the ventrals. Ventrals rather narrow and obtuse or convex terminally, nearly half extended behind the ends of the pectorals. Pectorals slightly falciform, not continuous forward th the snout Tail long, slender, bearing a dorsal fin and a serrated spine above the basal portion, Specimen in formalin grayish olive, with gray-white spots on the back. Whitish below.
383164	Disc very broad, its length 1.67 in its width. Snout short, 2.4 in head, forms pointed lobe at low level in front. Eyes not visible from above. 2.2snout. Spiracles large, deep, open laterally. Nostrils confluent with mouth, free hind edge of valve fringed. Teeth with broad median row and 3 narrow lateral rows each side. Gill openings small, subequal. One dorsal fin, small, origin nearly opposite ends of ventral bases. Ventrals about twice as long as wide, outer angle rounded, hind margin a broad curve from the outer angle to the end of the base. Pectorals subfalciform. Tail long, slender, whiplike; no caudal spine. Speclmen in formalin black brown, with five or six narrow bands of lighter, bluish. Whitish below.
383165	Disc nearly twice as wide as long. Head broad, flat, truncate. Snout very broad. Rostral fins fins distinct from the pectorals, directed forward. Pectorals falciform, anterior margin convex, posterior concave. Eyes lateral. Mouth width 3 in disc length. Teeth minute rasp-like, on the lower jaw only, occupying the entire width of the jaw. Gill openings transverse. One dorsal fin,its origin a little forward of the bases of the pectorals. Ventrals small. Posterior margin rounded, not reaching to the ends of the pectorals. Tail longer than disc length. Specimen in formalin dark brown on the back. Under surface whitish.
383167	Disc very broad, nearly 1.7 as wide as long, anterior margins slightly convex. Posterior concave, angles acute, narrowly rounded at the apex. Head broad flat. Mouth wide inferior. Rostrum short, broad. Rostral fins moderate, distinct from the pectorals. Teeth on both jaws, small numerous, extending th the angles of the mouth. One dorsal fin. Origin of the dorsal a little in advance of the beginnings of the ventrals. Tail twice as long as body; rough, with a series of small white tubercles along each side; slender whiplike, with a serrated spine. Specimen in formalin dark dusky brown above; whitish below.
383194	Disc subtriangular, larger than wide. Snout elongated, narrow, pointed, half the length of disc. Rostral cartilages long, trough-like. Nostrils wide, oblique, narrower and curved back toward the mouth on inner ends; valves feebly developed, anterior with a short rounded lobe, posterior with the outer section and the elongate lobe continuous and the inner section narrow and short. Mouth with moderately developed labial folds and labial cartilages, arched in the middle, with large teeth on the arches. Teeth smooth, rhomboid. Spiracles close behind eyes with two folds. Gill openings nearly equidistant, short. Row of small tubercles along each supraorbital edge, interrupted by division of spiracle. Two dorsals, moderate, angles produced, hind margins deeply concave. First dorsal origin over ventral origin. Interspace between dorsals nearly 3 length of second dorsal base. Pectorals small, not extended opposite nostrils. Ventrals small, narrow, hind angle produced. Tail depressed, with lateral fold. Caudal axis slightly raised, subcaudal lobe prominent. Median row of small vertebral tubercles down back, two short series on each shoulder. Specimen in formalin gray above, with white spots, surrounded by blackish ring. One black spot, as large as spiracle, above each end of shoulder girdle. Under surface grayish brown, anterior part of snout dark brown.
383201	Snout moderately long and parabolic, preoral snout greater than mouth to pectoral origins; bladelike unicuspidate teeth in upper and lower jaws, with lowers much larger than uppers. Two dorsal fins with large spines, first dorsal fin fairly high and short; second dorsal very small, half height of first dorsal or less, and spine origin well behind rear tips of pelvic fins; distance from first dorsal insertion to origin of second dorsal spine greater than distance from tip of snout to pectoral insertions in adults; free rear tips of pectoral fins formed into narrow, angular and greatly elongated lobes that reach well beyond the level of first dorsal spine, inner margins equal or longer than distance from second dorsal spine to caudal origin; caudal fin with a deeply notched postventral margin in adults. No anal fin. Lateral trunk denticles not overlapping each other, blocklike, with crowns sessile on bases and no pedicels, crowns broad, squared or vertically rhomboidal in adults, with a strong main cusp and no lateral cusps on their posterior edges.
383202	Snout moderately long, broadly parabolic, preoral snout somewhat less than mouth width and considerably shorter than distance from mouth to pectoral origins; bladelike unicuspidate teeth in upper and lower jaws, with lowers much larger than uppers. Two dorsal fins with large spines, first dorsal fin fairly low and long; second dorsal moderately large, about as high as first, with base about 3/4 length of first dorsal base, and spine origin over inner margins of pelvic fins; distance from first dorsal insertion to origin of second dorsal spine about as long as tip of snout to pectoral insertions in adults and subadults; free rear tips of pectoral fins formed into moderately broad, angular and slightly elongated lobes that fall in front of the level of first dorsal spine, inner margins considerably shorter than distance from second dorsal spine to caudal origin; caudal fin with a nearly straight posterior margin in adults and subadults. No anal fin. Lateral trunk denticles not overlapping each other, blocklike, with crowns sessile on bases and without pedicels, crowns longitudinally elongated and teardrop-shaped in adults, with a strong main cusp and no lateral cusps on their posterior edges.
383203	The snout is moderately long, broadly parabolic, and the preoral snout is almost equal to the mouth width but shorter than the distance from mouth to pectoral origins; the upper anterolateral teeth are with erect to semioblique cusps. The first dorsal fin is relatively low and long; the second dorsal is moderately large, as high or higher than the first with a base of about 2/3 in length of the first dorsal base, and the spine origin is about over the rear tips or inner margins of pelvic fins; the distance from the first dorsal insertion to the origin of second dorsal spine is about as long as the tip of the snout to pectoral midbases in adults. The free rear tips of pectoral fins form broad angles, not expanded into the elongated lobes and not reaching to the level of first dorsal spine, the inner margins are shorter than the distance from second dorsal spine to caudal origin. The caudal fin is with a shallowly concave postventral margin in adults. The lateral trunk denticles overlap one another, with slender pedicles elevating flat, leaflike crowns, a strong main cusp and 3 or more pairs of lateral cusps on their posterior edges in adults (lateral cusps increase from a pair in young species with denticle replacement upon growth).
383205	Extremely long snout. Compressed cutting teeth in both jaws. Two dorsal- fin with grooved dorsal fin spines, first dorsal fin long and low, origin over bases of pectoral fins; distance from origin of first dorsal spine to first dorsal rear tip much greater than distance from free rear tip to second dorsal spine. No anal fin. No subcaudal keel on underside of caudal peduncle. Denticles fairly small, crown length about 0.5 mm long. Colour grey-brown.
383206	The body is stout and compressed. The preoral snout is moderately long, about 3/5 of distance from the mouth to pectoral origins; mouth is extremely short and very broad arched, less than on third as long as wide. The seond dorsal fin is slightly larger than the first; the pectoral apices when laid back fall well anterior to the first dorsal spine origin. The caudal peduncle is short, the distance from second dorsal insertion to upper caudal origin is about as long as the distance from eye to the third gill slits. The lateral trunk denticles are wide-spaced sparse on body, which is almost naked, conical and with hooked cusps. Colour is uniform blackish, the size is moderate (adults are about 44 cm).
383207	A moderate-sized, short-and blunt-snouted shark. Anterior nasal flaps short; snout broadly conical, rounded, and short; gill openings moderately broad and about equally wide; lips very thick, fringed or pleated, not suctorial; teeth very different in upper and lower jaws, uppers small, with narrow, hooked, needle-shaped cusps and no cusplets, lowers very large, bladelike, interlocked, with broad, erect, triangular cusps, small distal blades, and serrated edges; tooth rows 16 to 21/17 to 20. Two almost equal-sized spineless dorsal fins; first dorsal origin somewhat behind free rear tips of pectoral fins, first dorsal insertion well anterior to pelvic origins, closer to pectoral bases than pelvics; second dorsal origin about over middle of pelvic bases; pectoral fins with short, broadly rounded free rear tips, not broadly lobate or acute and elongated; caudal fin asymmetrical, not paddle-shaped, upper lobe long, lower lobe very short or virtually absent, subterminal notch well-developed. No anal fin. No precaudal pits or lateral keels on caudal peduncle. Dermal denticles with low flat, ridged, unicuspid crowns, not pedicellate. Cloaca without a luminous gland. Colour greyish to black orblackish brown, sometimes violet with black spots.
383213	Small size, cigar-shaped body. Snout moderately short, about length of eye; eyes anterior on head but sufficiently far back to lack an extensive anterior binocular field; teeth in 31 to 37/25 to 31 rows, lowers triangular-cusped and without blades. Small, spineless dorsal fins far posterior on back. lnterdorsal space over twice first dorsal base, space between second dorsal insertion and upper caudal origin over twice second dorsal base; second dorsal height about equal to first; pectoral fins subquadrate, pelvic fins larger than dorsal fins; caudal fin large and nearly symmetrical, with a long ventral caudal lobe over 2/3 length of dorsal caudal margin. No anal fin. Vertebral count: 81-89. Spiral valve count: 8-10. Colour: a prominent dark collar-marking over branchial region.
383215	Spindleshaped body, long, bulbously conical, snout. Anterior nasal flaps very short; snout very long, bulbously conical but slightly pointed, length about half head length and about equal to distance from mouth to pectoral fins; gill openings very small, uniformly wide; lips thin, not fringed, pleated or suctorial; teeth strongly different in upper and lower jaws, uppers small, with narrow, acute, erect cusps and no cusplets, no bladelike, lowers much larger, bladelike, interlocked, with a high, moderately broad, nearly erect cusp and distal blade, edges not serrated; tooth rows 22 to 23/16 to 21. First dorsal fin with a spine, covered by skin or not, but second dorsal without a spine; first dorsal fin well anterior, origin about opposite inner margins or free rear tips of pectoral fins, insertion well anterior to pelvic origins and loser to pectoral bases than pelvics; second dorsal fin much larger than first, base about twice as long as first dorsal base; origin of second dorsal fin over fron half of pelvic bases; pectoral fins with short, narrowly rounded free rear tips and inner margins, not expanded and acute or lobate; caudal fin nearly symmetrical, paddle-shaped, with a short upper and long lower lobe and a strong subterminal notch. No precaudal pits or midventral keels, but with low lateral keels on caudal peduncle. No anal fin. Dermal denticles flat and blocklike, not pedicellate, no posterior cusps on flat, depressed crowns. Cloaca normal, not expanded as a luminous gland. Colour blackish or blackish-brown with conspicuously light-margined fins.
383216	Large sharks with cylindrical bodies without abdominal ridges. Head moderately depressed; fifth gill slits abruptly expanded in width; spiracles present, very small, well behind eyes; nostrils far apart from each other; snout short; mouth broadly arched, with very short labial furrows that do not encircle mouth; teeth alike in both jaws, strongly compressed and blade-like, with a cusp and up to 3 side cusplets in adults, but with a cusp only in young. Two small spineless posterior dorsal fins, both smaller than the pelvic fins, situated close together, the origin of the first dorsal fin behind the pelvic-fin origin; anal fin absent; caudal fin without a subterminal notch. Dermal denticles moderately large to very large, thorn-like. Intestine valve of spiral type. Colour: greyish brown dorsally, pale to white below.
383217	Anterior nasal flaps greatly elongated as long, prominent mandarin-like nasal barbels that reach mouth; snout flattened, short, and broadly rounded, length less than 1/3 head length and much less than distance from mouth to pectoral origins; gill openings moderately broad and about equally wide. In both jaws, bladelike, interlocked, with a single oblique cusp and distal blade on a low crown and root, upper teeth slightly smaller than lowers, edges smooth; tooth rows 26 or 27/22 or 26. Both dorsal fins with long, stout, ungrooved spines; first dorsal origin just behind free rear tips of pectoral fins, insertion well in front of pelvic origins and slightly closer to pectoral bases than pelvics; second dorsal origin about over free rear tips of pelvics; second dorsal fin about as large as first; pectoral fins with short, narrowly rounded free rear tips; caudal fin asymmetrical, not paddle-shaped, upper lobe long, lower lobe rather short but present, subterminal notch absent or very weak. No precaudal pits; lateral keels present on caudal peduncle. Dermal denticles with low, pedicellate, tricusped and triridged flat crowns. Colour: grey-brown above, whitish below, fins with conspicuous white margins.
383220	Body fairly slender. Snout subangular, slightly pointed, fairly broad, and moderately long, preoral snout about 1.3 to 1.4 times mouth width; eyes closer to snout tip than first gill slits; nostrils closer to snout tip than mouth. Two dorsal fins with ungrooved large spines, first dorsal spine origin in front of pectoral rear tips, first dorsal spine somewhat shorter than dorsal fin base. First dorsal spine moderately long, about half fin base and with tip falling short of apex of fin; second spine long, somewhat higher than fin, but less than 6% of total length; first dorsal moderately high, height about half length from origin to rear tip; second dorsal markedly smaller than first, with height less than 6% of total length; pectoral fins fairly wide but falcate, posterior margins moderately concave, rear tips angular and pointed; pelvic midbases closer to first dorsal base than second; caudal fin narrow-lobed and moderately long, with a long ventral lobe and strongly notched postventral margin. No subterminal notch on caudal fin, no anal fin. Precaudal pits well-developed. Lateral trunk denticles small, lanceolate and unicuspidate in adults. Colour: grey or dark brown above, lighter below, without spots, dorsal fins with black tips and white edges but these are often inconspicuous in adults.
383221	Body elongate and fairly stout. Snout and head broad, snout parabolic; anterior nasal flap moderately wide; distance from tip of snout to inner corner of nostril slightly greater than that from inner corner of nostril to upper labial furrow; spiracle large, halfmoon-shaped; mouth only very slightly arched. Teeth alike in both jaws, small, compressed, and with a single cusp deeply notched and outward end strongly oblique. Skin smooth, denticles on sides of body broad and tricuspidate in young and adults. Two dorsal fins with ungrooved large spines, first dorsal spine origin in front of pectoral rear tips, first dorsal spine much shorter than fin base, first dorsal low and less than 2/3 as high as long; origin of first dorsal-fin spine over pectoral-fin inner margins and well in front of their rear tips; second dorsal fin much smaller than first; pectoral fins fairly broad and semifalcate, free rear tips of pectoral fins narrowly rounded, posterior margins of fins slightly concave; midbases of pelvic fins closer to second dorsal fin insertion than first dorsal-fin insertion. Caudal peduncle flattened below, with an obscure longitudinal keel low down on each side; Precaudal pits strong. Caudal fin without a subterminal notch. Colour: no white spots present on sides of body, fins with white edges but without conspicuous dark markings.
383413	Rings: 10 + 34-38. Snout length: 2.4-2.6 in head length. Dorsal fin rays: 11-15 covering 2+0 rings. Pectoral fin rays: 12-14. Coronet moderately high, with branched fleshy tentacles. Tubercles or spines on each ring high, some of them with fleshy tentacles. Color greenish-grey with dark markings.
383457	This is an unmistakable shark. Snout extremely elongated, blade-like and flattened. Eyes length 1.0-2.4 % of precaudal length. Length of 1st gill opening 4.6-5.9 % of precaudal length. Position of all gill opening anterior to pectoral-fin bases. Internal gill slits without gill rakers. Jaws strongly protrusable to about opposite snout tip but not greately distensible laterally. Caudal peduncle compressed and without lateral keels or precaudal pits. Pectoral fins short and broad. Pelvic fins large, larger than dorsal fins. Caudal fin not lunate, dorsal lobe long but half length of rest of shark or less, ventral lobe no developed. Total vertebral count 122-125, precaudal count 53-56.
